Added auth policy for app-validator, app-event-service and source adapter (#7349)
kyma-project/kyma: components/application-operator/README.md

 - **eventServiceImage** is the Event Service image version to use in the Application chart.
 - **eventServiceTestsImage** is the Event Service Tests image version to use in the Application chart.
 - **applicationConnectivityValidatorImage** is the Application Connectivity Validator image version to use in the Application chart.

>  - **strictMode** is a toggle to enable/disable Istio authorization policy for validator and HTTP source adaptor. The default value is `disabled`.

Reviewer: We should align on the way we do this. Ping @montaro, this concerns you since you used an env var.

Author: Will keep it as is as @montaro's PR is not going in and there is no visible benefit in using env var.

Reviewer 2: `adapter` not `adaptor` ;)  more below :)

>  - **strictMode** is a toggle to enable/disable Istio authorization policy for validator and HTTP source adaptor. The default value is `disabled`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - **strictMode** is a toggle used to enable or disable Istio authorization policy for validator and HTTP source adapter. The default value is `disabled`.
```
